There's one last step to an ETL pipeline we haven't talked about yet, load.
Now that you've transformed the data,
you'll want to store the data somewhere,
otherwise you'd lose all your work.
There are so many options for data storage.
What you choose will depend on your needs.
For example, with structured data,
a relational database like SQL could be appropriate.
If your data fits in a Pandas DataFrame,
then a CSV file might work well.
Part of a data engineer's job is to know how to work with different data storage options.
Below the video, you'll find a few links about popular data storage systems beyond SQL,
CSV, and Json files.
I'll show you a couple of ways to load data using Python,
and then you'll get some practice doing it on your own.